At home we had no television in 1953, but I had an uncle who lived in Trialo which did.
So I can remember that we went to Trialo on the day of the coronation to actually try and view it.
Because again, the quality of picture wasn't very clever.
It was all in black and white, very crackled.
So I can vaguely remember that.
And remember it because people's opinion were quite different in those days.
And I suppose that a lot of the family were ex-service people.
So at the age of four I could sing the sort of national anthem.
Especially for that particular day I suppose.
So yeah, I do remember the coronation.
What was the atmosphere like? Do you remember anything of that?
In addition to being able to see it on television, of course there were street parties.
There were street parties and there was lots of decorations.
And different streets did different things.
I remember on the sea road where I lived, of course we couldn't decorate the main road.
But one of the side streets, Whitting Street in particular, was highly decorated.
And they put on this magnificent play of theirs.
And they used the Catholic Church Hall in the sea to do it.
And it was funny to see people of all ages taking part.
Everybody got involved.
A really truly sort of local community spirit in those days.
Truly different to what it is nowadays.
Thanks for watching.